Tequila lib added (#39)
qosf/awesome-quantum-software: README.md

- [ProjectQ](https://github.com/ProjectQ-Framework/ProjectQ) - Hardware-agnostic framework with compiler and simulator with emulation capabilities.
- [Qiskit](https://qiskit.org/) - Framework for working with noisy quantum computers at the level of pulses, circuits, and algorithms (supported by IBM).
- [Strawberry Fields](https://github.com/xanaduai/strawberryfields) - [Xanadu](https://www.xanadu.ai)'s software library for photonic quantum computing.

> - [Tequila](https://github.com/aspuru-guzik-group/tequila) - An Extensible Quantum Information and Learning Architecture developed by Alan Aspuru-Guzik group (University of Toronto).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Tequila](https://github.com/aspuru-guzik-group/tequila) - An Extensible Quantum Information and Learning Architecture developed by Alan Aspuru-Guzik's group (UofToronto).
```
